---
title: Wie Sie moderne Authentifizierung (ADAL) mit Skype for Business verwenden
ms.author: heidip
author: microsoftheidi
manager: serdars
ms.date: 2/13/2018
ms.audience: ITPro
ms.topic: article
ms.prod: skype-for-business-itpro
localization_priority: Normal
ms.collection: IT_Skype16
ms.assetid: 5ca71746-ead6-4e8c-90b1-461e846d1f4a
description: This article explains how to use Modern Authentication (which is based on the Active Directory Authentication Library (ADAL) and OAuth 2.0) that can be found in the March 2016 Cumulative Update for Skype for Business for Skype for Business Server 2015.
ms.openlocfilehash: efd0e35ce92143e9fb5fda03301eb51d2926c979
ms.sourcegitcommit: 7d819bc9eb63bfd85f5dada09f1b8e5354c56f6b
ms.translationtype: MT
ms.contentlocale: de-DE
ms.lasthandoff: 03/28/2018
---
# <a name="how-to-use-modern-authentication-adal-with-skype-for-business"></a><span data-ttu-id="0d3cb-103">Wie Sie moderne Authentifizierung (ADAL) mit Skype for Business verwenden</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0d3cb-103">How to use Modern Authentication (ADAL) with Skype for Business</span></span>
 
<span data-ttu-id="0d3cb-104">This article explains how to use Modern Authentication (which is based on the Active Directory Authentication Library (ADAL) and OAuth 2.0) that can be found in the March 2016 Cumulative Update for Skype for Business for Skype for Business Server 2015.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0d3cb-104">This article explains how to use Modern Authentication (which is based on the Active Directory Authentication Library (ADAL) and OAuth 2.0) that can be found in the March 2016 Cumulative Update for Skype for Business for Skype for Business Server 2015.</span></span>
  
## <a name="whats-in-this-article"></a><span data-ttu-id="0d3cb-105">Inhalt dieses Themas</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0d3cb-105">What's in this article?</span></span>

[<span data-ttu-id="0d3cb-106">Was ist ADAL?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0d3cb-106">What is ADAL?</span></span>](use-adal.md#BKMK_ADAL)
  
[<span data-ttu-id="0d3cb-107">Konfigurieren von ADAL in Ihrem Pool und Festlegen von ADFS als Sicherheitstokenserver</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0d3cb-107">Configure ADAL in your pool and set ADFS as security token server</span></span>](use-adal.md#BKMK_Config)
  
[<span data-ttu-id="0d3cb-108">Weitere Optionen für die Aktivierung der ADAL-Anmeldung (zum Beispiel Office-Client-Apps)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0d3cb-108">Other Options for Enabling ADAL sign-in (like Office client apps)</span></span>](use-adal.md#BKMK_Options)
  
[<span data-ttu-id="0d3cb-109">Clients, bei denen moderne Authentifizierung/ADAL nicht unterstützt wird</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0d3cb-109">Clients where Modern Authentication / ADAL isn't Supported</span></span>](use-adal.md#BKMK_Support)
  
## <a name="what-is-adal"></a><span data-ttu-id="0d3cb-110">Was ist ADAL?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0d3cb-110">What is ADAL?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="0d3cb-111"><a name="BKMK_ADAL"> </a></span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0d3cb-111"></span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="0d3cb-112">ADAL ist das Akronym für „Active Directory Authentication Library“ und bildet gemeinsam mit OAuth 2.0 die Grundlage für die moderne Authentifizierung.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0d3cb-112">ADAL is the acronym for the 'Active Directory Authentication Library', and, along with OAuth 2.0, it is an underpinning of Modern Authentication.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="0d3cb-113">This code library is designed to make secured resources in your directory available to client applications (like Skype for Business) via security tokens.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0d3cb-113">This code library is designed to make secured resources in your directory available to client applications (like Skype for Business) via security tokens.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="0d3cb-114">ADAL arbeitet mit OAuth 2.0 zusammen, um mehr Szenarien für Authentifizierung und Autorisierung wie mehrstufige Authentifizierung (Multi-Factor Authentication, MFA) und weitere Formen der SAML-Authentifizierung zu ermöglichen.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0d3cb-114">ADAL works with OAuth 2.0 to enable more authentication and authorization scenarios, like Multi-factor Authentication (MFA), and more forms of SAML Auth.</span></span>
  
<span data-ttu-id="0d3cb-115">Viele Apps, die als Clients fungieren, können moderne Authentifizierung zur Unterstützung des Zugriffs auf gesicherte Ressourcen nutzen.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0d3cb-115">A variety of apps that act as clients can leverage Modern Authentication for help in getting to secured resources.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="0d3cb-116">In Skype for Business Server 2015, this technology is used between on-premises clients and on-premises servers in order to give users a proper level of authorization to resources.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0d3cb-116">In Skype for Business Server 2015, this technology is used between on-premises clients and on-premises servers in order to give users a proper level of authorization to resources.</span></span>
  
<span data-ttu-id="0d3cb-117">Unterhaltungen mit moderner Authentifizierung (die auf ADAL und OAuth 2.0 gründen), haben einige Gemeinsamkeiten.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0d3cb-117">Modern Authentication conversations (which are based on ADAL and OAuth 2.0) have some elements in common.</span></span>
  
- <span data-ttu-id="0d3cb-118">There is a client making a request for a resource, in this case, the client is Skype for Business.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0d3cb-118">There is a client making a request for a resource, in this case, the client is Skype for Business.</span></span>
    
- <span data-ttu-id="0d3cb-119">There is a resource to which the client needs a specific level of access, and this resource is secured by a directory service, in this case the resource is Skype for Business Server 2015.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0d3cb-119">There is a resource to which the client needs a specific level of access, and this resource is secured by a directory service, in this case the resource is Skype for Business Server 2015.</span></span>
    
- <span data-ttu-id="0d3cb-120">There is an OAuth connection, in other words, a connection that is dedicated to  *authorizing*  a user to access a resource.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0d3cb-120">There is an OAuth connection, in other words, a connection that is dedicated to  *authorizing*  a user to access a resource.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="0d3cb-121">(OAuth ist auch unter dem aussagekräftigeren Namen „Server-to-Server“ bekannt und wird deshalb häufig als S2S abgekürzt.)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0d3cb-121">(OAuth is also known by the more descriptive name, 'Server-to-Server' auth, and is often abbreviated as S2S.)</span></span>
    
<span data-ttu-id="0d3cb-122">In Skype for Business Server 2015 Modern Authentication (ADAL) conversations, Skype for Business Server 2015 communicates through ADFS (ADFS 3.0 in Windows Server 2012 R2).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0d3cb-122">In Skype for Business Server 2015 Modern Authentication (ADAL) conversations, Skype for Business Server 2015 communicates through ADFS (ADFS 3.0 in Windows Server 2012 R2).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="0d3cb-123">Die Authentifizierung kann über einen anderen beliebigen Identitätsanbieter (Identity Provider, IdP) erfolgen, aber Skype for Business Server muss für die direkte Kommunikation mit AD FS konfiguriert sein.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0d3cb-123">The authentication may happen using some other Identity Provider (IdP), but Skype for Business server needs to be configured to communicate with ADFS, directly.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="0d3cb-124">If you haven't configured ADFS to work with Skype for Business Server 2015 please complete the [ADFS installation](https://technet.microsoft.com/en-us/library/adfs2-step-by-step-guides%28v=ws.10%29.aspx).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0d3cb-124">If you haven't configured ADFS to work with Skype for Business Server 2015 please complete the [ADFS installation](https://technet.microsoft.com/en-us/library/adfs2-step-by-step-guides%28v=ws.10%29.aspx).</span></span>
  
<span data-ttu-id="0d3cb-125">ADAL is included in the March 2016 Cumulative Update for Skype for Business Server 2015, and the March 2016 Cumulative Update for Skype for Business **must** be installed and is needed for successful configuration.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0d3cb-125">ADAL is included in the March 2016 Cumulative Update for Skype for Business Server 2015, and the March 2016 Cumulative Update for Skype for Business **must** be installed and is needed for successful configuration.</span></span>
  
> [!NOTE]
> <span data-ttu-id="0d3cb-126">During the initial release, Modern Authentication in an on-premises environment is supported only if there is no mixed Skype topology involved.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0d3cb-126">During the initial release, Modern Authentication in an on-premises environment is supported only if there is no mixed Skype topology involved.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="0d3cb-127">For example, if the environment is purely Skype for Business Server 2015.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0d3cb-127">For example, if the environment is purely Skype for Business Server 2015.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="0d3cb-128">This statement may be subject to change.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0d3cb-128">This statement may be subject to change.</span></span> 
  
<span data-ttu-id="0d3cb-129">Ein PowerShell-Paket einschließlich .ps1-Dateien mit den von ADAL verwendeten Befehlen muss für eine erfolgreiche Konfiguration heruntergeladen werden.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0d3cb-129">A PowerShell package including .ps1 files with the commands used by ADAL must be downloaded for successful configuration.</span></span>
  
### <a name="configure-adal-in-your-pool-and-set-adfs-as-security-token-server"></a><span data-ttu-id="0d3cb-130">Konfigurieren von ADAL in Ihrem Pool und Festlegen von ADFS als Sicherheitstokenserver</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0d3cb-130">Configure ADAL in your pool and set ADFS as security token server</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="0d3cb-131"><a name="BKMK_Config"> </a></span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0d3cb-131"></span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="0d3cb-132">In this process, you connect your installation of ADFS to a Skype for Business Server 2015 pool that is configured for ADAL.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0d3cb-132">In this process, you connect your installation of ADFS to a Skype for Business Server 2015 pool that is configured for ADAL.</span></span>
  
1. <span data-ttu-id="0d3cb-133">Install the March 2016 Cumulative Update for Skype for Business Server 2015 to your Skype for Business Server 2015 pool or Standard Edition server.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0d3cb-133">Install the March 2016 Cumulative Update for Skype for Business Server 2015 to your Skype for Business Server 2015 pool or Standard Edition server.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="0d3cb-134">(Planen Sie nach Bedarf Wartungsfenster, um Windows Update für die automatische Installation auszuführen.)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0d3cb-134">(Schedule maintenance windows, as needed, to run Windows Update for the automatic installation.)</span></span>
    
2. <span data-ttu-id="0d3cb-135">On your on-premises ADFS server(s), [download](https://aka.ms/sfbadalscripts) the Setup-AdfsOAuthTrustForSfB script.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0d3cb-135">On your on-premises ADFS server(s), [download](https://aka.ms/sfbadalscripts) the Setup-AdfsOAuthTrustForSfB script.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="0d3cb-136">(This needs to be done per ADFS farm or independent ADFS server(s).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0d3cb-136">(This needs to be done per ADFS farm or independent ADFS server(s).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="0d3cb-137">It does not need to be done on ADFS Proxy or proxies).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0d3cb-137">It does not need to be done on ADFS Proxy or proxies).</span></span>
    
3. <span data-ttu-id="0d3cb-138">Make a note of the internal and external Web Service fully qualified domain names (FQDNs) for your Skype for Business Server 2015 pool or Standard Edition server.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0d3cb-138">Make a note of the internal and external Web Service fully qualified domain names (FQDNs) for your Skype for Business Server 2015 pool or Standard Edition server.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="0d3cb-139">Tun Sie dies für alle Skype for Business-Pools.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0d3cb-139">This needs to be done for all the Skype for Business Pools.</span></span>
    
4. <span data-ttu-id="0d3cb-p109">Führen Sie über PowerShell auf dem oder den ADFS-Server(n)das Setup-Adfs OAuthTrustForSfB-Skript aus. Sie müssen die zutreffenden URLs für die FQDNs des internen und externen Webdienstes eingeben. Nachfolgend ein Beispiel:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0d3cb-p109">From PowerShell on the ADFS Server(s), run the Setup-AdfsOAuthTrustForSfB. You will need to enter the proper URLs for the internal and external Web Service FQDNs. Here's an example:</span></span>
    
     `Setup-AdfsOAuthTrustForSfB.ps1 -poolIDs https://contosoSkype.contoso.com,https://contoso01Skype.contosoIn.com`
    
    <span data-ttu-id="0d3cb-143">For any additional pools, you will need to add the Pool Web Services URLs manually to the Skype for Business Server 2015 Relying Party Trust in ADFS.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0d3cb-143">For any additional pools, you will need to add the Pool Web Services URLs manually to the Skype for Business Server 2015 Relying Party Trust in ADFS.</span></span>
    
    > [!IMPORTANT]
    > <span data-ttu-id="0d3cb-144">Es ist nicht möglich, passive Authentifizierung für einen Pool und außerdem ADAL zu verwenden.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0d3cb-144">It isn't possible to use Passive Authentication for a Pool and also use ADAL.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="0d3cb-145">Sie müssen passive Authentifizierung deaktivieren, damit Sie ADAL verwenden können.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0d3cb-145">You must disable Passive Authentication in order to use ADAL.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="0d3cb-146">For PowerShell cmdlets on how to set authentication for a Pool see [this](https://technet.microsoft.com/en-us/library/gg398396.aspx) article.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0d3cb-146">For PowerShell cmdlets on how to set authentication for a Pool see [this](https://technet.microsoft.com/en-us/library/gg398396.aspx) article.</span></span>
  
    > [!TIP]
    > <span data-ttu-id="0d3cb-147">If you have additional pools you need to add them as [Identifiers](https://technet.microsoft.com/en-us/library/gg557759%28v=ws.10%29.aspx) to the Relying Party Trust in ADFS.> Go to your ADFS server and open ADFS Management.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0d3cb-147">If you have additional pools you need to add them as [Identifiers](https://technet.microsoft.com/en-us/library/gg557759%28v=ws.10%29.aspx) to the Relying Party Trust in ADFS.> Go to your ADFS server and open ADFS Management.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="0d3cb-148">Expand Trust Relationships \> Relying Party Trusts.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0d3cb-148">Expand Trust Relationships \> Relying Party Trusts.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="0d3cb-149">Right-click the Relying Party Trust that's listed and right-click for Properties \> Identifiers \> type the additional Pool URL(s) \> click Add.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0d3cb-149">Right-click the Relying Party Trust that's listed and right-click for Properties \> Identifiers \> type the additional Pool URL(s) \> click Add.</span></span> 
  
5. <span data-ttu-id="0d3cb-150">Return to your Skype for Business Server 2015 Front End or Standard Edition server server.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0d3cb-150">Return to your Skype for Business Server 2015 Front End or Standard Edition server server.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="0d3cb-151">From here you must run cmdlets that create an OAuth server and modify that OAuth configuration to work with Skype for Business.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0d3cb-151">From here you must run cmdlets that create an OAuth server and modify that OAuth configuration to work with Skype for Business.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="0d3cb-152">You only need to do this step once per Skype for Business Server 2015 deployment.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0d3cb-152">You only need to do this step once per Skype for Business Server 2015 deployment.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="0d3cb-153">Hier ist ein Beispiel:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0d3cb-153">Here is an example:</span></span>
    
     `New-CsOAuthServer -Identity sts.contosoIn.com -Type ADFS -MetadataURL https://sts.contosoIn.com/FederationMetadata/2007-06/FederationMetadata.xml`
    
    > [!TIP]
    > <span data-ttu-id="0d3cb-154">The 'Identity' URL you see in this command is actually the ADFS Federation Service Name you can see in ADFS Management when you right-click Service \> Properties.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0d3cb-154">The 'Identity' URL you see in this command is actually the ADFS Federation Service Name you can see in ADFS Management when you right-click Service \> Properties.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="0d3cb-155">The 'Type' is always ADFS, and the 'MetadataURL' is always \<Your ADFS service name\> + "/FederationMetadata/2007-06/FederationMetadata.xml".</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0d3cb-155">The 'Type' is always ADFS, and the 'MetadataURL' is always \<Your ADFS service name\> + "/FederationMetadata/2007-06/FederationMetadata.xml".</span></span> 
  
     `Set-CsOAuthConfiguration -ClientAuthorizationOAuthServerIdentity sts.contosoIn.com`
    
6. <span data-ttu-id="0d3cb-156">Still on your Skype for Business Server 2015 Front End or Standard Edition server, test the new configuration by entering the SIP address of a user and the pool FQDN.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0d3cb-156">Still on your Skype for Business Server 2015 Front End or Standard Edition server, test the new configuration by entering the SIP address of a user and the pool FQDN.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="0d3cb-157">You only need to do this step once per Skype for Business Server 2015 deployment.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0d3cb-157">You only need to do this step once per Skype for Business Server 2015 deployment.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="0d3cb-158">Hier ist ein Beispiel:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0d3cb-158">This is an example:</span></span>
    
     `Test-CsRegistration -UserSipAddress AyakaY@contosoIns.com -TargetFqdn Pool1.contoso.com -Authentication OAuthInteractive`
    
7. <span data-ttu-id="0d3cb-p115">Wenn Sie dazu aufgefordert werden, achten Sie darauf, die Anmeldeinformationen des Testnutzers einzugeben. Stellen Sie sicher, dass der Test erfolgreich beendet wird.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0d3cb-p115">When prompted, be sure to enter the credentials of the test user. Verify that the test completes successfully.</span></span>
    
    > [!NOTE]
    > <span data-ttu-id="0d3cb-161">When your STS URL resolves to ADFS  *internally*  , the prompt you will see will be a **Windows Security** prompt.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0d3cb-161">When your STS URL resolves to ADFS  *internally*  , the prompt you will see will be a **Windows Security** prompt.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="0d3cb-162">Sollte die URL extern aufgelöst werden, sehen Sie eine Eingabeaufforderung namens **Anmelden**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0d3cb-162">If the URL resolves externally, you'll see a prompt named **Sign in**.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="0d3cb-163">Normalerweise sollte an dieser Stelle die **Windows Security**-Eingabeaufforderung angezeigt werden.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0d3cb-163">Typically, we would want a **Windows Security** prompt here.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="0d3cb-164">Beachten Sie, dass dieses Verhalten unterschiedlich ausfallen kann, speziell wenn Sie formularbasierte Authentifizierung (FBA) implementiert haben.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0d3cb-164">Note that this behaviour varies, particularly if you implemented Forms-Based Authentication (or FBA).</span></span>
  
<span data-ttu-id="0d3cb-p117">Beachten Sie außerdem: Wenn die STS-URL zu einem internen ADFS-Server aufgelöst wird und in Browsern integrierte Windows-Authentifizierung aktiviert ist, können auf Computern, auf denen sich viele verschiedene Nutzer für Client-Anwendungen anmelden, Authentifizierungsfehler auftreten, wenn nicht der Browser ausdrücklich dafür konfiguriert ist, Nutzern eine Eingabeaufforderung für ihre Anmeldedaten in einer bestimmten Browser-Sicherheitszone zu präsentieren. Denken Sie zum Beispiel an einen Kiosk. Das Konto der Anmeldung beim Betriebssystem kann ein anderes als das Benutzerkonto der Anmeldung beim Skype for Business-Client sein. In einem solchen Fall könnten die hier beschriebenen Fehler auftreten.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0d3cb-p117">Also be aware, when the STS URL resolves to an internal ADFS server and Windows Integrated authentication is enabled in browsers, computers where many different users sign in to client applications may have failures to authenticate unless the browser is explicitly configured to prompt users for their credentials in a given browser Security Zone. Think of a kiosk as an example. The account that is logged in to the Operating System may be different than the user account logging into the Skype for Business client. If this is the case, you may see the failures described here.</span></span>
    
<span data-ttu-id="0d3cb-169">You can see and change this browser setting in Internet Explorer by clicking \> Tools (or the Gear) \> Internet Options \> Security tab \> and the Security Zone (such as Local Intranet).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0d3cb-169">You can see and change this browser setting in Internet Explorer by clicking \> Tools (or the Gear) \> Internet Options \> Security tab \> and the Security Zone (such as Local Intranet).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="0d3cb-170">Klicken Sie in diesem Dialogfeld auf „Stufe anpassen“ und blättern Sie im Dialogfeld „Einstellungen“ bis zum Ende der Liste.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0d3cb-170">From this dialog, click the Custom level button and scroll to the end of the list in the Settings dialog.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="0d3cb-171">Under User Authentication \> Login \> you'll see an option to 'Prompt for user name and password'.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0d3cb-171">Under User Authentication \> Login \> you'll see an option to 'Prompt for user name and password'.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="0d3cb-172">Bei einem Kiosk, bei dem der Nutzer, der den Skype for Business-Client startet, ein anderer ist (ein anderes Konto hat) als der beim Computer angemeldete Nutzer, empfiehlt es sich, diese Option für diese Computer in einer Gruppenrichtlinie probehalber auf „EIN“ zu stellen.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0d3cb-172">If you have kiosks where the user who starts the Skype for Business client is different (has a different account) from the user logged into the computer, you may want to test setting this option to 'ON' for these machines in a Group Policy.</span></span>
    
<span data-ttu-id="0d3cb-173">Letzten Endes (ganz wichtig) könnten Sie feststellen, dass mehr als eine Eingabeaufforderung (die des Sicherheitssystems) die Informationen fordert, die für die Authentifizierung bzw. Autorisierung Ihres Kontos notwendig sind.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0d3cb-173">Finally, and importantly, you may experience more than one prompt as the security system collects the information it needs to authenticate or authorize your account.</span></span>
    
### <a name="other-options-for-enabling-adal-sign-in-like-office-client-apps"></a><span data-ttu-id="0d3cb-174">Weitere Optionen für die Aktivierung der ADAL-Anmeldung (zum Beispiel Office-Client-Apps)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0d3cb-174">Other Options for Enabling ADAL sign-in (like Office client apps)</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="0d3cb-175"><a name="BKMK_Options"> </a></span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0d3cb-175"></span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="0d3cb-176">Now that ADAL is configured for your Skype for Business and (automatically) for Office 2016 client apps across platforms, you may want to leverage it for Exchange Online (where it is not 'On' by default), or in Office 2013 clients.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0d3cb-176">Now that ADAL is configured for your Skype for Business and (automatically) for Office 2016 client apps across platforms, you may want to leverage it for Exchange Online (where it is not 'On' by default), or in Office 2013 clients.</span></span>
  
> [!IMPORTANT]
> <span data-ttu-id="0d3cb-177">Need to know what to expect from Modern Authentication sign-ins from your client apps?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0d3cb-177">Need to know what to expect from Modern Authentication sign-ins from your client apps?</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="0d3cb-178">Take a look at [How modern authentication works for Office 2013 and Office 2016 client apps](https://support.office.com/en-us/article/How-modern-authentication-works-for-Office-2013-and-Office-2016-client-apps-e4c45989-4b1a-462e-a81b-2a13191cf517?ui=en-US&amp;rs=en-US&amp;ad=US).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0d3cb-178">Take a look at [How modern authentication works for Office 2013 and Office 2016 client apps](https://support.office.com/en-us/article/How-modern-authentication-works-for-Office-2013-and-Office-2016-client-apps-e4c45989-4b1a-462e-a81b-2a13191cf517?ui=en-US&amp;rs=en-US&amp;ad=US).</span></span> 
  
<span data-ttu-id="0d3cb-179">To turn Modern Authentication on for Exchange Online, you'll need to run some PowerShell cmdlets.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0d3cb-179">To turn Modern Authentication on for Exchange Online, you'll need to run some PowerShell cmdlets.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="0d3cb-180">In the case of Office 2013 client apps, you will need to change some registry keys on client machines.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0d3cb-180">In the case of Office 2013 client apps, you will need to change some registry keys on client machines.</span></span>
  
- <span data-ttu-id="0d3cb-181">Connect to Exchange Online and run the following cmdlets:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0d3cb-181">Connect to Exchange Online and run the following cmdlets:</span></span>
    
     `Set-OrganizationConfig -OAuth2ClientProfileEnabled:$true`
    
     `Get-OrganizationConfig | ft name, *OAuth*`
    
- <span data-ttu-id="0d3cb-182">Legen Sie diese Registrierungsschlüssel für jedes Gerät oder jeden Computer fest, auf dem Sie die moderne Authentifizierung aktivieren möchten.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0d3cb-182">Set these registry keys for every device or computer on which you want to enable Modern Authentication.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="0d3cb-183">In größeren Organisationen benötigen Sie ein Gruppenrichtlinienobjekt (GPO).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0d3cb-183">You will need a GPO in larger organizations.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="0d3cb-184">For information on how to make a GPO, see the 'Create a Group Policy Object to modify the registry on a domain joined computer' of [this ](https://support.office.com/en-us/article/Switching-between-the-Skype-for-Business-and-the-Lync-client-user-interfaces-a2394a4c-7522-484c-a047-7b3289742be0)article.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0d3cb-184">For information on how to make a GPO, see the 'Create a Group Policy Object to modify the registry on a domain joined computer' of [this ](https://support.office.com/en-us/article/Switching-between-the-Skype-for-Business-and-the-Lync-client-user-interfaces-a2394a4c-7522-484c-a047-7b3289742be0)article.</span></span>
    
||||
|:-----|:-----|:-----|
|<span data-ttu-id="0d3cb-185">Registrierungsschlüssel</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0d3cb-185">Registry Key</span></span>  <br/> |<span data-ttu-id="0d3cb-186">Typ</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0d3cb-186">Type</span></span>  <br/> |<span data-ttu-id="0d3cb-187">Wert</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0d3cb-187">Value</span></span>  <br/> |
|<span data-ttu-id="0d3cb-188">HKCU\SOFTWARE\Microsoft\Office\15.0\Common\Identity\EnableADAL</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0d3cb-188">HKCU\SOFTWARE\Microsoft\Office\15.0\Common\Identity\EnableADAL</span></span>  <br/> |<span data-ttu-id="0d3cb-189">REG_DWORD</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0d3cb-189">REG_DWORD</span></span>  <br/> |<span data-ttu-id="0d3cb-190">1</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0d3cb-190">1</span></span>  <br/> |
|<span data-ttu-id="0d3cb-191">HKCU\SOFTWARE\Microsoft\Office\15.0\Common\Identity\Version</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0d3cb-191">HKCU\SOFTWARE\Microsoft\Office\15.0\Common\Identity\Version</span></span>  <br/> |<span data-ttu-id="0d3cb-192">REG_DWORD</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0d3cb-192">REG_DWORD</span></span>  <br/> |<span data-ttu-id="0d3cb-193">1</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0d3cb-193">1</span></span>  <br/> |
   
<span data-ttu-id="0d3cb-194">Once these keys are set, set your Office 2013 apps to [use Multifactor Authentication (MFA) with Office 365](https://support.office.com/en-us/article/Set-up-multi-factor-authentication-for-Office-365-8f0454b2-f51a-4d9c-bcde-2c48e41621c6?ui=en-US&amp;rs=en-US&amp;ad=US).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0d3cb-194">Once these keys are set, set your Office 2013 apps to [use Multifactor Authentication (MFA) with Office 365](https://support.office.com/en-us/article/Set-up-multi-factor-authentication-for-Office-365-8f0454b2-f51a-4d9c-bcde-2c48e41621c6?ui=en-US&amp;rs=en-US&amp;ad=US).</span></span>
  
> [!TIP]
> <span data-ttu-id="0d3cb-195">To disable Modern Authentication on devices for Office 2013, set the HKCU\SOFTWARE\Microsoft\Office\15.0\Common\Identity\EnableADAL registry key to a value of zero.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0d3cb-195">To disable Modern Authentication on devices for Office 2013, set the HKCU\SOFTWARE\Microsoft\Office\15.0\Common\Identity\EnableADAL registry key to a value of zero.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="0d3cb-196">Be aware that a similar Registry key (HKCU\SOFTWARE\Microsoft\Office\ **16.0** \Common\Identity\EnableADAL) can also be used to disable Modern Authentication on devices for Office 2016.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0d3cb-196">Be aware that a similar Registry key (HKCU\SOFTWARE\Microsoft\Office\ **16.0** \Common\Identity\EnableADAL) can also be used to disable Modern Authentication on devices for Office 2016.</span></span>
  
### <a name="clients-where-modern-authentication--adal-isnt-supported"></a><span data-ttu-id="0d3cb-197">Clients, bei denen moderne Authentifizierung/ADAL nicht unterstützt wird</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0d3cb-197">Clients where Modern Authentication / ADAL isn't Supported</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="0d3cb-198"><a name="BKMK_Support"> </a></span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0d3cb-198"></span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="0d3cb-p123">Einige Clientversionen unterstützen OAuth nicht. Sie können Ihre Version des Office-Clients in der Systemsteuerung überprüfen. Unter „Programme hinzufügen oder entfernen“ können Sie die Versionsnummer Ihrer Version mit den Versionen (oder Versionsbereichen) abgleichen, die hier aufgeführt sind:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0d3cb-p123">Some client versions don't support OAuth. You can check your version of Office client in Control Panel where you Add and Remove programs in order to compare your version number to the versions (or ranges of versions) listed here:</span></span>
  
- <span data-ttu-id="0d3cb-201">Office Client 15.0.[0000-4766].\*</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0d3cb-201">Office Client 15.0.[0000-4766].\*</span></span>
    
- <span data-ttu-id="0d3cb-202">Office Client 16.0.[0000-4293].\*</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0d3cb-202">Office Client 16.0.[0000-4293].\*</span></span>
    
- <span data-ttu-id="0d3cb-203">Office-Client 16.0.6001.[0000–1032]</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0d3cb-203">Office Client 16.0.6001.[0000-1032]</span></span>
    
- <span data-ttu-id="0d3cb-204">Office Client 16.0.[6000-6224].\*</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0d3cb-204">Office Client 16.0.[6000-6224].\*</span></span>
    

